' 



Copy 

Boston, Oct. 10, 1837. 

My dear Boyce: 

The remembrance of my visit to your house is as 
pleasant as the perfume of a bed of roses. Since I was there , I 
learn that your dear wife has been brought very low, almost to the 
grave itself, by sickness; and hence I have deeply sympathized 
with you in your affliction, and can also rejoice with you at the 
prospect of her recovery. However, may we all be enabled to say 
with an apostle, "For me to live is Christ, but to die is gain" — 
for there is no escape, finally, from ''the inevitable hour" of a 
mortal dissolution, and it behooves us to be at all times prepared 
for it. Remember me with tenderness and gratitude to your af- 
flicted wife. 

My excellent friend, Mr. Charles Drew, formerly a mer- 
chant in this city, is about to establish himself in the shoe line 
at Fair haven. He is a highly trust-worthy and truly pious man, 
and has long been a genuine friend of the abolition cause. He in- 
quired of me to-day, whether I knew any of the shoe-dealers in 
Lynn, and who among them were most conspicuous as conscientious and 

upright men. I told him that, as far as I knew, they were all 
reputedly men of integrity; but I could give him a letter of in- 
troduction to one of them, upon whom the utmost reliance might be 
placed, and who would give him all requisite information. That one 
is yourself. You will not need a more formal introduction to each 
other. 

Yours, with lively esteem, 

¥m» Lloyd Garrison, 



James P. Boyce, 



Lynn, Mass. 



To introduce Mr. Charles Drew. 



